Exercise 1
For the first version of sorting strings, you will implement the primary data structure as a 2-dimensional array Strings[NUM][LEN], where NUM is the number of strings, and LEN is the maximum length allowed for the string: the first index i gives you the i-th string, and the second index j gives you the j-th character within that string.

We will use the bubble sort algorithm for sorting. Please carefully read Chapter 23 of Perry and Miller, which explains bubble sort and includes examples for sorting numbers. You will adapt that algorithm to sort strings instead, in increasing alphabetical order. Using the starter file ex1.c. Your code must strictly follow these specifications:

Use fgets() to read each string from the input, one string per line. Use LEN as an argument to fgets() to ensure that an input line that is too long does not exceed the bounds imposed by the string's length. The function fgets() will make sure that it will not put more than LEN characters into the string variable (including the newline and NULL characters).
The comparison of two strings must be done by checking them one character at a time, without using any C string library functions. That is, write your own loop to do this. Put this code inside a function called my_compare_strings().
The swap of two strings must be done by swapping one character at a time (using a char temp variable of your choice), without using any C string library functions. That is, write your own loop to do this. Put this code inside a function called my_swap_strings().
You are allowed to use C library functions for printing strings, e.g., fputs(), puts(), printf(), etc.
You are allowed to use the C library function strlen() to calculate the length of a string.
Alphabetical Order: The alphabetical order of strings is defined by reading them left-to-right, until you reach a character position in which the two strings are different, or until one or both strings terminate. If a position is reached where the strings are different, then their order is determined by the ordering of those respective characters. For example, consider two strings: A="Apple" and B="Aptitude". The first index where they are different is 2: A[2]='p' and B[2]='t'. Since A[2] < B[2], we conclude that the string A < B, i.e., A comes before B in alphabetical order. There are no special checks needed for upper-case vs. lower-case vs. punctuation etc.; simply check if A[i] < B[i] where i is the first character position where the strings are different. If one string terminates before any differences are found, then the shorter string appears first in alphabetical order. If both strings terminate before any difference is found, then they are equal.

Compile and run your program on inputs of your choice, and also make sure it runs correctly on the sample inputs provided. Refer to the sample inputs and outputs provided on exactly how to format your I/O.
Exercise 2
Repeat the above exercise (copy ex1.c to ex2.c), but this time use C string library functions to simplify the code of the bubble sort.
Add "#include <string.h>" near the top of the C file to tell the compiler that you will be using the C string library functions.
Remove your my_compare_strings() function from the code. Instead, use the C function strcmp() to perform the comparison of two strings. Study this function carefully (see readings above). You may choose to use a similar function called strncmp() instead of strcmp() because the former also allows you to specify the maximum number of characters to check (e.g., for extra safety, or if only a first few characters are significant, etc.).
Remove your my_swap_strings() function from the code. Instead, use the C function strcpy() to perform the copy of one string to another, in order to perform the swap of two strings (see readings above). Thus, you may use a temporary string variable (char tempstring[LEN]), and three calls to strcpy() to swap two strings. There is also a variant strncpy() which copies only a specified maximum number of characters.
Name the file containing your code ex2.c. Compile and run your program on inputs of your choice, and also make sure it runs correctly on the sample inputs provided.
